hey YouTube it's mad mods - what's up
haven't made a video in a while um what
we've been doing is we've been coming up
with more things to sell and our one of
our ideas originally were to expand to
other consoles besides Xbox 360 so today
or not today
over the summer we've expanded to we can
now mod Wiis we can now mod in Tendo
ds's maconel mod PSPs looking into other
consoles and stuff for Wiis we can do
soft mods hard mods case mod stuff like
that same Nintendo DS we can do case
mods and flash carts flash cards and for
the PSP we can flash custom firmware or
we can unbreak it and we will be having
other videos explaining those so go
check out our channel and look for those
videos but today we are going to talk
about the r4 we have ordered quite a few
and we have lots in stock we have right
now with me we only have about 50 +
probably over here right now
but we have more coming when you what
will happen this is basically an
unboxing of an r4 but this is what it
looked like when you get it from us it's
free live in America we live in Indiana
that's where we are so don't let the way
about buying from China so alright
here's the unboxing of the r4 when you
get it from us it'll come in an envelope
like this you can just rip into it
I haven't sealed the envelope though but
it's got a bubble line in here so it's
safe
your r4 yes in the box like this not
much on the box I'm sure you've already
seen unboxings but it says R for R for
revolution for DES and DS Lite this only
works with the D SNES light by the way
to get your firmware for it go to the
website right here you might not be able
to see that it'll be on the box up
in the description - it's the official
art for firmware and also runs wood our
fourth on the side it says game music or
game movie music and our for revolution
D is the bottom same on the other side
and on the back it just says all the are
for D s functionality and that's about
it so what you're going to want to do
when you get it I'm either gonna push it
out the top or pushed off the bottom it
doesn't matter this just kind of slides
out the pipe to the side then here's
your r4 box open that up a little bit
right here is your 2.0 my micro SD card
adapter writer / reader what you do is
just take this little cap off it's kind
of snug on there there we go
and the cap I'd the come on I use I took
the cap off because it just fit so snug
I don't use the cap anyway basically
plug this in your computer in the back
you can put your micro SD card that is a
non SDHC memory card up to 4 gigabytes
now when you buy from from Walmart and
local retailers mostly online now - if
it's not it has to say non as doesn't
have to sit on it it can't say SDHC
simply because it's not compatible with
that so that would be why most 4
gigabyte cards sold locally and online
now that our brand name our SDHC so
you're gonna have a hard time finding a
4 gigabyte thus it's only really
compatible up to 2 gigabytes but 2
gigabytes is plenty unless you plan on
having hundreds of games to go to excuse
me
two gigabytes will hold up to Oh thing
on the size of the game anywhere from if
you have huge huge games anywhere from
10 games to 75 depending on how big the
game file is it is only
to download games you already own you
can download ones that you don't own but
you can only try them for 24 hours
before yup to delete them same with any
other rom or ISO okay anyway back to the
unboxing and this soft blue silicone
case is the r4 chip itself just want to
pop that open see there there's the r4
just kind of want to take it out right
there's where you put the microSD card
and then we'll just put this back in
here now this I didn't notice it till
yesterday you can fit two games in here
one here and one here so just I'll let
you know so here's that and then there's
this it's a blue strap I don't know what
it does I don't know if you put it maybe
through here to me it seems kind of
useless but it comes with it so you got
a blue strap alright so we'll just kind
of neatly packaged stuff back in here
and that's what you get when you buy a
r4 revolution for DS from us rise up
right now these are the only flash cards
we sell is our force the original ones
we also will be selling these kind this
one does have a chip in it right now
it's just the packaging basically the
card just go it's in here and in the
back there's a 2.0 reader that will be a
little bit cheaper than this but I mean
just a little bit you can buy the RF or
from our website for $24.99 or if you
like to you can contact us through
youtube or send us an email and we will
be happy to give that and i give you one
sell you one we only accept paypal or
money order okay so I mean no sending me
cash in an envelope because too many
things can go wrong there like I say out
and I would do this but I can say that I
did not get the cash in the envelope and
then you're out $24.99 that's just a
thing I think it's illegal to ship money
in an envelope anyway I'm not quite sure
but we only take money orders or PayPal
we prefer PayPal if I was so much easier
and yep that's just about it this
unboxing so rate comment subscribe if
you'd like one go down wherever the
boxes boxes down there now you'll see
our link to our website we're currently
working on a new website we will replace
the links in all the videos to our
website so you'll be able to go to there
but as of right now this is on our
website until the new ones up we'll just
replace the link to the new one all
right so that's it
see